Search term
Skip navigation
Menu
The Markup
About Us
Donate
A Real-Time Website Privacy Inspector
Who is peeking over your shoulder while you work, watch videos, learn, explore, and shop on the internet? Enter the address of any website, and Blacklight will scan it and reveal the specific user-tracking technologies on the site—and who’s getting your data. You may be surprised at what you learn.
Enter a URL for Blacklight to scan
Options
Location
Ohio, U.S.
California, U.S.
Europe
Device
Mobile
Desktop
Inspection Caching
Use cached results
Force request, no caching
Scan Site

Visited www.bbc.com/news on Sep. 28, 2026, 20:52 ET
Learn more
Blacklight Inspection Result
Blacklight works by visiting each website with a headless browser running custom software built by The Markup. To learn more, read our methodology.
27
Ad trackers found on this site.
This is more than the average of seven that we found on popular sites
Websites containing advertising tracking technology load JavaScript code or small invisible images that are used to either build your advertising profile or to identify you for ad targeting on this site. These techniques are often used in addition to cookies to profile you.
23
Third-party cookies found.
This is more than the average of three that we found on popular sites
These are commonly used by advertising tracking companies to profile you based on your internet usage.
Tracking that evades cookie blockers wasn't found.
Canvas fingerprinting was not detected on this website. This technique is designed to identify users even if they block third-party cookies. It can be used to track users across sites. It secretly draws an image on your browser when you visit websites that use it, for the purpose of identifying your device. This technique was used by six percent of popular sites when we in September 2020.
Session recording services not found on this website.
Blacklight did not detect the use of a session recorder, which tracks user mouse movement, clicks, taps, scrolls, or even network activity. Websites that use the technique compile this data into videos and heat maps that website owners can watch to see how users interact with the site. Research has shown these practices are insecure and make sensitive user data such as passwords and credit card information more vulnerable to leaks. This technique was used by fifteen percent of popular websites when we in September 2020.
We did not find this website capturing keystrokes.
Key logging is when a website captures the text that you type into a web page before you hit the submit button. This technique has been used to identify anonymous web users by matching them to postal addresses and real names. This technique was used by four percent of popular websites when we in September 2020.
Facebook Pixel not found on this website.
The Facebook pixel is a snippet of code that sends data back to Facebook about people who visit this site and allows the site operator to later target them with ads on Facebook. A Facebook spokesperson told The Markup that the company set up this system so that a user doesn’t have to be “simultaneously logged into Facebook and viewing a third-party website for our business tools to function.” Common actions that can be tracked via pixel include viewing a page or specific content, adding payment information, or making a purchase. The Facebook pixel appeared in thirty percent of popular websites when we in September 2020.
TikTok Pixel not found on this website.
The TikTok pixel is a snippet of code that sends data back to TikTok about people who visit this site and allows the site operator to later target them with ads on TikTok. A user doesn’t have to be “simultaneously logged into TikTok and viewing a third-party website for our business tools to function.” Common actions that can be tracked via pixel include viewing a page or specific content, adding payment information, or making a purchase.
X Pixel not found on this website.
The X pixel is a snippet of code that sends data back to X (previously known as Twitter) about people who visit this site and allows the site operator to later target them with ads on X. A user doesn’t have to be “simultaneously logged into X and viewing a third-party website for our business tools to function.” Common actions that can be tracked via pixel include viewing a page or specific content, adding payment information, or making a purchase.
Google Analytics' "remarketing audiences" feature not found.
The Google Analytics "remarketing audiences" feature enables user tracking for targeted advertising across the internet. This feature allows a website to build custom audiences based on how a user interacts with this particular site and then follow those users across the internet and target them with advertising on other sites using Google Ads and Display & Video 360. A Google spokesperson told The Markup that site operators are inform visitors when data collected with this feature is used to connect this browsing data with someone’s real-world identity. You know when those shoes you were looking at follow you around the internet? This is one of the trackers leading to that. This feature appeared in fifty percent of popular websites when we in September 2020.
Some of the ad-tech companies this website interacted with:
The inspected website contacted some well known actors in the ad-tech industry. Not all of these loaded trackers, so they may be different from those listed in the tests section above. For more information on each company, what it does, and which of its domains Blacklight found during the inspection, click the arrow. Reading this can give you a better idea of how the ad-tech industry works.
Alphabet
Blacklight detected this website sending user data to Alphabet, the technology conglomerate that encompasses Google and associated companies like . The Silicon Valley giant collects data from twice the number of websites as its closest competitor, Facebook. An Alphabet spokesperson told The Markup that internet users can if they want to opt out of the company showing them targeted ads based on their browsing history.
Amazon
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to Amazon, which has a wide variety of business units. The most commonly appearing Amazon trackers in our scan of popular sites in were those for and its marketing research arm, which helps marketers improve their search engine performance and provides site operators insights about the popularity of their websites. (This Alexa is unrelated to Amazon’s virtual assistant of the same name.) Representatives from Amazon did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
Comscore
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to Comscore, a company that monitors traffic on millions of websites to create market research data on how people use the internet, which it sells to advertisers, . The company’s analytics also incorporate user data collected from its dozens of corporate partners, such as Facebook, Oracle, and Salesforce, . Representatives from Comscore did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
DoubleVerify
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to DoubleVerify, an ad tech company that says it helps online advertising , and track ad performance, prevent fraud, and ensure ads are only running next to content with which advertisers are comfortable. Representatives from DoubleVerify did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
OpenX
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to OpenX, an online advertising . Ad exchanges are online marketplaces where advertisers can bid against each other to place ads on various websites. OpenX in real-time bidding, according to its website, which is when ads are at individual web users based on profiles assembled about their demographics and prior behavior. It also says on its website that ads placed by the exchange reach more than 240 million U.S. consumers each month. Representatives from OpenX did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
PubMatic
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to the online advertising company Pubmatic is a to offer space on their website for sale to advertisers. The company also runs an “” that, a PubMatic spokesperson told The Markup, helps advertisers use the data they’ve acquired from a third party— a data broker, for example—to target ads to the specific interests of someone visiting a website.
Magnite
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to Magnite. Created by the 2020 of ad tech companies Rubicon Project and Telaria, Magnite places advertisements on more than million and apps. The company claims to have reached with ads placed on websites, , and . Representatives from Magnite did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
TowerData
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to Tower Data, an ad tech company that of web users to their email address, according to its website. It also data about voters to political campaigns. Representatives from Tower Data did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
Verizon
Blacklight detected the inspected website sending user data to Verizon. While best known for providing cellphone and broadband service, Verizon has gained a significant presence in online advertising through acquisitions of ad-focused companies like and , which offer advertising services in addition to content. Domains associated with Yahoo! and AOL (specifically, advertising.com, which was part of AOL before Verizon’s purchase of the company) appeared the most frequently among the many Verizon-controlled trackers appearing in our scan of popular websites in . Representatives from Verizon did not respond to multiple requests for comment.
See Something Worrying?
Tell us about it
Blacklight results should not be taken as the final word on potential privacy violations by a given website. Rather, they should be treated as an initial automated inspection that requires further investigation before a definitive claim can be made.
DuckDuckGo's Tracker Radar last updated Mar. 20, 2024. For more information on how we use it, read our methodology.

Concept and development
Surya Mattu
Design and front-end development
Sam Morris
Infrastructure and security
Simon Fondrie-Teitler
Research and reporting
Aaron Sankin
Original editing
Evelyn Larrubia
Copy editing
Jill Jaroff
Initial platform development
Yotam Mann
Chris Deaner
Product Director
Ramsey Isler
Additional development
Miles Hilton
Bach Le
Jerome Paulos
Dan Phiffer
Varun Subramanyan
More on Blacklight
Launching Blacklight Query, a Tool to Scan Websites for Privacy at Scale
Inspect batches of websites for user-tracking tech with our new open-source command-line tool
October 16, 2024 08:00 ET
The High Privacy Cost of a ‘Free’ Website
Trackers piggybacking on website tools leave some site operators in the dark about who is watching or what marketers do with the data
September 22, 2020 08:00 ET
Show Your Work
How We Built a Real-Time Privacy Inspector
Blacklight catalogs the many ways any website tracks visitors: from cookies to capturing every user keystroke and mouse movement
September 22, 2020 08:00 ET
Return to The Markup's homepage
Your contributions help us investigate how technology influences our society.
Donate
About Us
Our Donors
Ethics Policy
Events
Governance
Jobs
Team
Have a Tip?
Newsletters
A Letter from the President
Awards
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
GitHub
Bluesky
RSS Feed
Facebook
Instagram
X
Mastodon