Search term
Skip navigation
Menu
The Markup
About Us
Donate
A Real-Time Website Privacy Inspector
Who is peeking over your shoulder while you work, watch videos, learn, explore, and shop on the internet? Enter the address of any website, and Blacklight will scan it and reveal the specific user-tracking technologies on the site—and who’s getting your data. You may be surprised at what you learn.
Enter a URL for Blacklight to scan
Options
Location
Ohio, U.S.
California, U.S.
Europe
Device
Mobile
Desktop
Inspection Caching
Use cached results
Force request, no caching
Scan Site
Blacklight is currently testing for …
Blacklight normally takes between 30 seconds and one minute to finish all tests.
Ad trackers
Is this website sending data about users to advertising companies?
Visited pt.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wikip… on Sep. 28, 2026, 19:41 ET
Learn more
Blacklight Inspection Result
Blacklight works by visiting each website with a headless browser running custom software built by The Markup. To learn more, read our methodology.
0
No ad trackers found on this site.
We found an average of seven on popular sites.
6
Third-party cookies found.
This is double the average of three that we found on popular sites
Tracking that evades cookie blockers wasn't found.
Session recording services not found on this website.
We did not find this website capturing keystrokes.
Facebook Pixel not found on this website.
TikTok Pixel not found on this website.
X Pixel not found on this website.
Google Analytics' "remarketing audiences" feature not found.
No ad-tech companies were found on this website
Blacklight did not detect any third-party user tracking technology present on this website. This can mean that this website is not tracking users. This is true of privacy-protecting sites and also of some websites that collect a lot of first-party data.
It’s possible Blacklight was unable to detect the trackers that are present on the inspected site. That could happen on websites operating under the European Union’s General Data Protection Regulation, which requires users to proactively consent before the trackers engage. Some websites may be using a bot detection tool that identified Blacklight as a bot and so did not fire the trackers.
If you think Blacklight is wrong about the trackers present on this site, please let us know.
See Something Worrying?
Tell us about it
Blacklight results should not be taken as the final word on potential privacy violations by a given website. Rather, they should be treated as an initial automated inspection that requires further investigation before a definitive claim can be made.
DuckDuckGo's Tracker Radar last updated Mar. 20, 2024. For more information on how we use it, read our methodology.

Concept and development
Surya Mattu
Design and front-end development
Sam Morris
Infrastructure and security
Simon Fondrie-Teitler
Research and reporting
Aaron Sankin
Original editing
Evelyn Larrubia
Copy editing
Jill Jaroff
Initial platform development
Yotam Mann
Chris Deaner
Product Director
Ramsey Isler
Additional development
Miles Hilton
Bach Le
Jerome Paulos
Dan Phiffer
Varun Subramanyan
More on Blacklight
Launching Blacklight Query, a Tool to Scan Websites for Privacy at Scale
Inspect batches of websites for user-tracking tech with our new open-source command-line tool
October 16, 2024 08:00 ET
The High Privacy Cost of a ‘Free’ Website
Trackers piggybacking on website tools leave some site operators in the dark about who is watching or what marketers do with the data
September 22, 2020 08:00 ET
Show Your Work
How We Built a Real-Time Privacy Inspector
Blacklight catalogs the many ways any website tracks visitors: from cookies to capturing every user keystroke and mouse movement
September 22, 2020 08:00 ET
Return to The Markup's homepage
Your contributions help us investigate how technology influences our society.
Donate
About Us
Our Donors
Ethics Policy
Events
Governance
Jobs
Team
Have a Tip?
Newsletters
A Letter from the President
Awards
Privacy Policy
Terms of Use
GitHub
Bluesky
RSS Feed
Facebook
Instagram
X
Mastodon